---
published: true
---

Read the posting below carefully.

Pay attention to how to identify if a paper/article is one we could term ‘academic’.

Search for two ‘academic’ articles related to IT or computing (in English!) using any method you choose - this can be online, or from the library or some other source. You might want to try out different methods! It makes sense to look for articles that are in an area of IT that interests you but it doesn’t have to be. Make sure that at least one of the articles is a ‘full text’ and not just an abstract.

Save these two articles in your Google Scholar library (or elsewhere if you use a different method) so that you can easily find them again.

For both of the academic articles you find, post to your blog for this week the following information:
        Title and author(s) of the article
        APA reference (give it your best shot!) (try using the ‘cite’ option on Google Scholar)
        how you found the article and what keywords you used
        what kind of article it is, ( journal paper, conference paper, masters thesis…..)
        all the reasons that you think it is an academic article
        how well it fits the ‘structure of an academic article’ that I described in my previous post
        how many references it has
        how many citations it has (if you can find out)
        for articles that you found online, the url of the article
        say whether you are interested in properly reading the article or not (and give some reasons!)

Note I am not asking you to read the articles you find (although of course you can if you want to!) - we will be working on strategies for reading academic articles later - but to look at the structure and characteristics of the things you find. This eventually becomes second nature and you can tell from a quick scan of an article how ‘academic’ or ‘credible’ it is likely to be. Initially though it is about assessing it for the things I have mentioned above and making your decision!

Title:
Supporting Web Development Decisions by Comparing Three Major JavaScript Frameworks: Angular, React and Vue.js
Author:
Eric Wohlgethan.

APA Reference:
Wohlgethan, E. (2018). SupportingWeb Development Decisions by Comparing Three Major JavaScript Frameworks: Angular, React and Vue. js (Doctoral dissertation, Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften Hamburg).

How you found it and keywords used:
I went to google scholar, and searched for 'Javascript framework' and filtered the result by 'since 2017'

What type of article is it:
Bachelor thesis.

Reasons it is an acadmic article:
I believe it is an academic article because it is a bachelor thesis from the Hamburg University of Applied Sciences.

How well it fits the structure of an academic article:

Number of references:
49

How many citations (if you can find out):
20

URL:
[https://reposit.haw-hamburg.de/bitstream/20.500.12738/8417/1/BA_Wohlgethan_2176410.pdf](https://reposit.haw-hamburg.de/bitstream/20.500.12738/8417/1/BA_Wohlgethan_2176410.pdf)

Are you interested in reading the article?
I am interested in reading the article. Modern web development and JavaScript frameworks are a topic I am passionate about, and the article looks like it covers the most popular ones in depth.

