---
published: true
---
## What is ontology? How is it relevant to research?
In philosophy, ontology is a category which looks at the ideas of existence,reality, being and becoming. Ontology questions how entities are categorized, and how or if these entities are considered to have existence. 
Ontology questions the nature of existence itself. It has been referred to as "the science of being".

Knowledge of ontology is beneficial to research, as it addresses existence and reality. This can be useful, as it helps researchers decide which realities of their research topic they would like to draw conclusions from, in regards to the nature of what the research item percieves to be reality.

## What is epistemology? How is it relevant to research?

Epistemology is another category of philosophy, which looks at the concept knowledge. It studies the origin, nature and scope of knowledge as well as the rationality of belief.

The goal of epistemology is to answer questions such as; "What do we know?", "What does it mean to say that we know something?", "What makes justified beliefs justified?", and "How do we know that we know?".

Epistemology is relevant to research, because it makes the researcher question the legitimacy of the research item they are analyzing, and makes them ask questions such as; Where has this knowledge come from? How does the author know this is true? Could the author's truth be different to the researcher's truth?
In other words, it makes the researcher question information and where it has come from, before they take it in as truth.

References:
Steup, Matthias (2005). Zalta, Edward N. (ed.). "Epistemology". Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (Spring 2014 ed.).

Edward N. Zalta "Epistemology". Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy. (1995).

Carl J. Wenning. (2009) "Scientific epistemology: How scientists know what they know" (PDF).


## What is the connection between ontology and epistemology in a research context?

When using ontology and epistemology in conjuction when gathering information, it allows us to gain a complete understanding of how information is understood. This is also known as a research paradigm.

The diagram below gives an excellent overview of the research paradigm, and breaks down the relationship between ontology and epistemology, and where they fit within this paradigm.

[Research Paradigm Diagram](http://salmapatel.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Ontology-and-epistmeology-v4.jpg)

References:
https://salmapatel.co.uk/academia/the-research-paradigm-methodology-epistemology-and-ontology-explained-in-simple-language/
