---
published: true
---
## Areas of possible research interest
 
Broad Research/Project Interest Area 
 
1. Short description of an area of IT that interests you (explain it to me!):
Web development. In particular modern javascript frameworks React, Vue, Angular, Express and Node.
Web development has changed drastically in the last few years, as the general public gain access to more powerful computers.
In the past, most personal computers had 2GB of RAM maximum, and far less powerful processors.
With personal computers becoming more powerful, web applications have been able to put more of their processing power into the browser that runs on personal computers, rather than the server where the information is being sent from. 
This means that web applications have become a lot faster, and can handle a lot more demanding processes, leading to web applications that compare to actual installed computer programs.

Why is it interesting to you:
Modern Javascript frameworks are interesting to me because of how powerful they are. Being able to deliver dynamic web apps so blazingly fast is what fascinates me about them.

Three things you know about it:
Most big companies split web apps up, and have teams dedicated to the Frontend and the Backend.

Junior developers have a far better shot at getting a job in the frontend, as the backend deals with sensitive data. Companies will generally only hire senior developers for the backend, therefore, as a new developer it is better to master the frontend first.

Job opportunities in English speaking countries seem to favour React, however, throughout Europe, Vue has taken the lead as the most popular javascript framework due to how much more simple it is and how much it brings down the complexity. Vue allows developers to produce web apps at an incredible rate with ease due to how elegantly it handles state.
