---
published: true
---
Find at least 3 different sources of evidence (e.g. a blog post, a journal article, youtube video etc.) for each of the two topics listed below (6 in total). You don’t need to read or watch them.

Try to find as many different kinds of sources of evidence as you can but try to find at least two sources which you think might be ‘academic papers/articles.

Topics:
Computational Thinking
Virtualisation Technology

Write a blog post and for each source you find:
post the URL, e.g. http://
the search terms you used,
how you found it (e.g. Google search or followed link from wikipedia)
who wrote/created it
when it was written/created/recorded/published
what kind of ‘publication’ it is (e.g. news item, youtube video, white paper)
how ‘credible (believable)’ you think it is – include your reasons –>
    
    
Computational thinking:

Source 1:
[http://socialissues.cs.toronto.edu/index.html%3Fp=279.html](http://socialissues.cs.toronto.edu/index.html%3Fp=279.html)

Search term: 
Computational Thinking

How you found it:
I followed a referenced link from wikipedia.

Who wrote/created it:
Jeannette M. Wing, Corporate Vice President, Microsoft Research

When was it written:
JANUARY 10, 2014

What kind of publication is it:
Educational Article

How credible is it:
I also did a search on google scholar for Computational Thinking. Jeannette M. Wing held the number one result with her publication about Computational Thinking, in the Communications of the Association for Computing Machinery magazine. This publication had been cited by 6855 people. She is also the corporate vice president of Microsoft Research. All of my searches for Computational Thinking so far have led me to articles by Jeannette M. Wing, so I think it is a very credible source.
