---
published: true
---
Action Research

Action Research is a methodology that is generally applied to the social sciences. It aims for transformative change via the simultaneous processes of taking action and doing research, which is then summarised with critical reflection.

Action Research in Organisational Development is the most applicable variant for an IT workspace. The process is broken into three major steps: Input, Transformation and Results.

The Input stage involves planning with preliminary diagnoses, data gathering, feedback of results and Action Planning.

The Transformation stage involves learning processes relevant to the organisation, more action planning and forming steps to perform the Action.

The Results stage involves summary via critical reflection; changes in behaviour of the system or its participants are analysed, data is gathered, and measurement of change is taken.

The Transformation and Output stages have the opportunity for a feedback loop; if the Action stage finds that more analysis and planning is necessary due to gaps in understanding then the processes are investigated again, and the Action steps may be modified.

Similarly, if the Results stage shows that little was gained, then more Action, or more Planning is needed.

A fitting application of Action Research for IT is the Change Management discipline of the Unified Process. 

Action Research and the Unified Process are both iterative approaches, and a project following the Unified Process while employing Action Research for Change Management may improve on existing processes greatly.

Action Research may not be applicable to projects for new products following the Unified Process.
A weakness of Action Research is that it can be a heavily cyclic process and may need several iterations before it can be considered effective, resulting in a lengthy process.

On the other hand, its cyclic nature can also be a strength, as important information can be missed in any form of information gathering and planning. This may result in a more effective outcome compared to other methods of research where reflection does not occur after each stage.